Camera collision stuff? Standard assets?
----------------------------------------
Having to manually rotate the camera sucks
Camera feels confusing
If the camera were closer to the player
When I die, I can't start the game again
After falling down, it can be difficult to see my player again, because of conflicingt walls.
What is all this weird stuff on the floor? It looks like electricity
Camera keeps getting lost.
I'm not sure I'm going the right way
I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to go under the walls
I don't get why I went from walking into a bright light and transporting to the main menu
It doesn't feel like the exit felt like a natural progression
Can't restart the game
Top-down camera view? Default standard asset. FIND IT. (ProtectCameraFromWall, or something like that)
Health bar didn't show up
--------------------------
I like the movement 
The camera is really weird
Jumping is way too strong, I hit the ceiling every time
Mouse control for the camera
I'm not really sure what my goal is
Z-Fighting
Which way did I go
Everything is really shiny
There's some really intense lighting (default textures suck)
Where do I go from here?
Jumping is really intense
The height is okay, but it needs to be slower on the ascent and descent
Tapping vs. holding space bar should have varying heights
Really cool start
----------------------------
Final area, the player can float between two platforms
Camera is annoying!! 
Fun
Traps don't hurt the player within the trap area
----------------------------
Camera controls are difficult, make a follow camera. 
There's no way to move the camera up and down or aim.
Enemies signified that I was going in the right direction.
The jump is really weird.  I'd expect a normal jump affected by gravity.
It feels like I'm hitting an invisible ceiling.
When the space bar is pressed I should hop and when it is held I should jump.
----------------------------
The Strafing speed should be a lot slower, and maybe have the backwards speed be slower as well.'
Everyone dies on the first pitfall death because they can't see the trap.
Enemies are too easy.
The last room's lighting is extremely bright.
When I jumped and hit a wall I stopped going up, when I expected to continue to reach my jump height.
Holes in walls.
Can hop up walls.